# Description: clearly articulates what functionality is being developed, why and for who
User Roles: description of the person or end user
Activities: what they can do with the system
Business Values: why they want to do the activity

As a <user role> I want <activity> so that <business value>

# Acceptance Criteria: written to be testable to ensure requirements are met and software works as expected.
Actions
Results

# Story Points: assigned by dev team to estimate effort often in Fibonacci sequence

# Users
- End User
- Software Developer
- Data Scientist

# Imports
1) As an end user, I want to input an image file, so that I can create cross stitch patterns. [32]
   - When I drop the image into the application, it should let me know if the upload was successful.
2) As a software developer, I want to make a list of common image file types, so that I can determine how to set up input structures to address the most common image file types. [2] 
   - When I complete the list, it should reflect similar file input types provided by the data scientist and the end user.
3) As a software developer, I want to set up a script that can address all determined common image file types that might be input by the end user, so that an import from the end user can happen. [4] 
   - When I import files, it should result in a successful or unsuccessful upload.
4) As a software developer, I want to create a signifier to the end user about the successful or unsuccessful upload of their file, so that the end user can determine if the appliation is proceeding as expected. [4] 
   - When files are being imported, it should raise a flag that can be displayed to the end user.
5) As a software developer, I want to create a flag message to the end user when they upload an incompatible file type, so that they might be aware that they need a different file type to accomplish their goal. [2]
   - When I upload an incompatible file type, it should raise a flag message that lists compatible file types.
6) As a software developer, I want to create a drag and drop location for the end user to put their desired input file, so that information about the input file might be acquired. [4]
   - When I drag and drop the file to the drop location, it should pull all needed information for import from the action.
7) As a data scientist, I want to import image files using the pillow library, so that I can begin working with the present image data. [1]
   - When I run Image.open, it should store the image data in a variable.
8) As a data scientist, I want to communicate the limitations on which file types can be imported to both the end user and the software developer, so that clarity for limitations about modeling functionality are known. [2]
   - When I communicate this list, it should empower the software developer to make an accurate compatible file list that allows Image.open to run using the end user input.

# Centering
9) As an end user, I want to be able to determine the center of the image that I want to cross stitch, so that I can create a realistic idea of how the pattern might fit inside my hoop. [16] 
    - When I upload my input image, it should show where the center is in a way that makes sense to me, ie with red cross hairs that span the entirety of the image.
10) As a software developer, I want to display the center of the image to the end user using the cross stitch norm of red center lines, so that the end user can decide whether or not to move forward with the process. [2] 
    - When I display the image, it should appear in a pop out.
11) As a software developer, I want to allow the end user to approve the calculated for center or enter modifications, so that the end user can move forward with the web application with an increased sense of satisfaction in what their end pattern might turn out to be. [8]
    - When I display the image, there should be a check box for yes and an x for no, and if no, a section with the calculated for coordinates should appear and allow the end user to modify the coordinates saved as the center, after which the cross hairs move to the new position signaled by an update button, starting the process over again, until the end user is satisfied, closing the pop out.
12) As a data scientist, I want to calculate for the center of the image in a way that visually makes sense so that the end user might have less work to do in centering the pattern in their hoop. [2]
    - When I run the calculation, it should return a value.
13) As a data scientist, I want to write a python function containing the centering method, so that it will be easier to intergrate into a web application. [1]
    - When I run the function, it should return a coordinate value stored in two variables x and y.

# Color Matching
As an end user, I want the patterns to have the color, the dmc value, and a symbol assoicated with each color in a legend, so that I might read the generated pattern to purchase the appropriate materials.

As an end user, I want to be able to choose a lesser or greater amount of colors, so that I can make a choice about how much time and resources to spend on the project.

As an end user, I want to be able to change the suggested colors to ones that might suit better so that the end pattern might be tailored by human eye and personal preference.

As a data scientist, I want a full list of colors present in the uploaded image, so that I have data on color from the original image. [1]

As a data scientist, I want to find a library of dmc color values, so that a matching process between dmc values and either hex or rgb values can occur. [2]

As a data scientist, I want to find a way to convert the dmc color values to either hexcode or rgb values, so that a final pattern might be displayed, but also to allow for an ease of transition between print and cross stitch media. [8]

As a data scientist, I want to put together a library of ascii or unicode characters that can be used for the black and white part of the legend, so that a pool of symbols can be created to pull from. [2]

As a data scientist, I want to write a script that randomizes appropriate symbols to be included in the legend based on the number of colors selected, so that the legend might be completed. [2]

As a data scientist, I want to merge any alpha layers that might be present, so that processing of the image data is more streamlined and dealing with color data is possible. [4]

As a data scientist, I want to apply feature recognition, so that the major components of each input image are maintained. [16]

As a data scientist, I want to preform color merging, so that complex coloration might migrate downwards toward a more pixelated composition similar to cross stitch patterns. [16]

# Adjustments for Aida Count

# Dimensions of Project and Redimensioning